1. (20) Explain the Triad of Disruption:  Provide an overview of each of the three legs of the triad, and how it works.  Finish by discussing your perspective of its importance within the concept of Social Engineering.

The triad of disruption is social media, propaganda, and fake news- the holy trinity of an engineering attack if you will. These three go hand in hand, and can do mass amounts of damage in a very short amount of time. In my opinion, propaganda and fake news feed into social media, where it is then facilitated. For example, there are multiple websites that track the most used / popular hashtags of the day to be used on social media posts to get the most engagement, which is harmless for the most part, but that intel can be used to spread any propaganda / fake news and used in a social engineering attack. For example, if someone wanted to create an attack and reach a mass amount of people quickly, they could find these top trending hashtags for the day / week / month / year, even though they can be completely irrelevant, just to get their propaganda out to the masses quickly. Finding these hashtags takes about a collective 60 seconds from the time you type it into Google and then copy it onto your social media post. As soon as it is posted, it is instantly broadcasted to (literally) millions of users. Granted in this day in age, fact checking has become much more prevalent, but by the time/if it gets fact checked, damage will already have been done.

2. (15) Discuss the concepts of Framing and Elicitation.  What are these two parts of an SE’s strategy and why are they important? How do they work in practice?  Provide examples of each.
Framing is the way information is presented / perceived by someone, due to "filters" people have. It is not lying, but it is not the whole truth. It's used in all the way up to big name politics down to the every day marketing. An example of framing would be a diet pill advertising it had a 65% success rate versus a 35% failure rate. They both mean the same thing, but advertising the 65% success rate is much more effective in getting someone to buy a specific product. Elicitation is the way of getting information, without flat out asking for it, usually through open ended questions, so the victim is susceptible to revealing extra useful information.  This tactic is common / crucial within social engineering because social engineers use elicitation towards their victim to gather any specific intel they need for their attack, without specifically asking for it, because then the victim would catch onto what is happening. Which can be done with close ended questions, but if you ask open ended questions, you could get extra information as stated. For example, an attacker could ask "how are you feeling today?", a totally normal question that doesn't raise flags, and the victim responds with "I've been better, my sinuses are bothering me today so I had to go to my doctor", revealing that extra information to the attacker rather than just a "yes" or "no" answer. To tie these two things together, framing is used in elicitation because using the "filters" framing provides, a social engineer can then use elicitation to get whatever information they desire for their attack. 

4. (50) Discuss your personal assessment and perspective of Social Engineering in America.  This is your chance to show me the key takeaways from what you learned in this class. NOTE:  this question is worth 50% of the test score, so I expect a thoughtful, retrospective, and comprehensive answer.
Social engineering is not a term I knew existed before this class, yet I was already familiar with it's antics. I think the biggest takeaway I got from this class, is that it can VERY easily and quickly do a lot of damage, as we learned with the 2016 election and ISIS. Granted, those are two very big examples, but with the two team projects we did, young college students who have been in this class for a couple months, if those got released, I can confidently say that they would do some form of damage. And we are all amateurs. With that being said, this is where the social engineering code of ethics comes into play. You need to have a certain level of respect you have for others and their privacy before you become a social engineer, because you can do serious damage to someone / their reputation with these techniques. Like with hacking, there are good and bad hackers, and it's the same with social engineering. There are social engineers who plan attacks on people to harm them in some way, like with phishing scams, but there are also forms of social engineering that are harmless. For example, framing is a form of social engineering (that in retrospect can be used for good or bad) that is used in advertising by taking into account of how society perceives information, and advertisers use that intel to then market their service / product in a certain way that appeals more to the masses. I think the biggest aid to social engineering is social media, because information, whether it is correct or not, can spread like wildfire through it. People will inherently spread information, especially if it coincides with their beliefs, without fact checking it first, and it catches on like wildfire. That is how Russians were able to do so much damage in the 2016 election, because they targeted people within communities that had similar beliefs to spread the fake news that supported those beliefs. But personally I find when people put fake faces on pictures / videos (especially within pornography) and catfishing the most terrifying forms of social engineering, because they fly so under the radar. Social engineering is not always harmful and can be useful, but I believe with those two things, it rarely does not have malicious intent behind it. With all this being said, it ties back to my biggest takeaway from this class, is that social engineering is not something to be taken lightly and can be very harmful, so society needs to be aware of these antics, so that they are able to have the discernment to know when they are potentially being targeted as a victim of a social engineering attack, and you don't accidentally give your banking information and social security number to a Nigerian prince.
